turbo guide (#891)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-guides: src/docs/common/snippets/common-flyway-footer.adoc

<1> Enable Flyway for the `default` datasource.

> NOTE: Configuring multiple data sources is as simple as enabling Flyway for each of them. You can also specify folders that will be used for migrating each datasource. Find out more in the https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-flyway/latest/guide/[Micronaut Flyway documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Configuring multiple data sources is as simple as enabling Flyway for each one. You can also specify folders that will be used for migrating each data source. Review the https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-flyway/latest/guide/[Micronaut Flyway documentation] for additional details.
```

> Flyway migration will be automatically triggered before Micronaut application starts. Flyway will read migration commands in the `resources/db/migration/` directory, execute them if necessary and verify the configured data source is consistent with them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flyway migration will be automatically triggered before your Micronaut application starts. Flyway will read migration commands in the `resources/db/migration/` directory, execute them if necessary, and verify that the configured data source is consistent with them.
```
